this is gonna be my 4k video so thank
you so much for 4,000 subscribers that
actually means had fun to me now I don't
really give a fuck what you guys think
what I look like it on asleep in the
bothered in essentials people on
minecraft but anyway I want not in a
mirror at the moment so I'm gonna need a
switch cameras I'll be back hunting
season alright guys now that I'm switch
he's going to really quickly show my
setup so i got my chair another monitor
down there got my razer deathstalker
it's pretty good it's not mechanical but
anyway moving on got my razer naga 2012
edition got my turtle beach x 12 so if
you can see that it's probably blurry
switch to manual focus ah got my pen
tablet and the pen xbox 360 slim
addition another speak up I've got my
computer that's not custom but I have
the specs of that in the description um
it's not really that bad I'm computer
from the call to 120 locked so that's
good on top I got my xbox controller if
you can see that not sure if you can I
got my iphone 5 that you usually just
sits there and that's pretty much it now
on right now I'm just sitting at a blaze
spawner probably looks ugly as from the
camera but yeah um I'm not sure if you
can see that but I'm actually you can
hear voices that's because i'm on team
speak at the moment those nuggets I
served my camera cut out so yeah that's
pretty much my set off now I'll see you
in the next clip alright guys now that
you've seen my setup i hope you enjoyed
that part and i just got a message but
anyway let's continue on whatever really
care i'm gonna be giving away this
texture pack as i said that will be in
the description i hope you guys enjoyed
that and also the mods on my screen
right now i'll leave a video in the
description on how to do that as well
that's actually made by HJ Holtz or hope
you guys enjoyed that that's pretty sick
now let's get right into the rank
winners now I was giving away one month
of VIP one month of MVP and 1 month of
pro now the winners of those ranks are
ultra underscore scum for VIP or e6 1956
for MVP and any firebirds for the one
month of pro so congratulations to you
guys i hope you guys enjoy having those
ranks and getting into the mine HQ
service now as I said this park will be
the description hope you guys enjoyed
and I hope you guys are close to the
next video it won't be another rate it
won't be a raid sorry it'll actually be
something else but you guys will love
that I'm pretty sure so yeah after that
back to the raids and yeah if you guys
enjoy thank you so much for full 10
subscribers and see you later
we